Remastered NPC Holograms (#2243)
BetonQuest/BetonQuest: docs/Documentation/Migration.md

- The `experience` objective, condition and event now supports decimal numbers.  
  For example, you can use `experience 1.5` to check for one and a half level.  
  You can convert raw experience points to levels, using such decimal numbers.

### 2.0.0-DEV-529 - NPC Holograms

> Holograms where reworked, for the migration mainly three things have to be changed:
> - The `vector` now is by default on the head of the NPC, so you have to adjust the vector to get the old position.
>   - The default value was `0;3;0` before and the new one is `0;0;0`, but they are both at the same position now.
>     So if you heave `0;3;0` you can just delete it.
>     If you have another value you just need to subtract `3` from the y value.
> - The `follow` boolean is now individual for each NPC Hologram, so you have to add it to each NPC Hologram.
> - The `check_interval` is now individual for each NPC Hologram, so you have to add it to each NPC Hologram.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Holograms were reworked. Mainly three things have to be changed:
- The `vector` is now above the head of the NPC by default. This was previously achieved with `0;3;0`. Therefore every hologram is now three blocks higher then you want. If you have `0;3;0` you can just delete the vector argument. If you have another value you need to subtract `3` from the y-axis.
- The `follow` boolean can now be set for each NPC Hologram, so you have to add it to each NPC Hologram. Don't add it to still-standing NPCs. That will save you a lot of performance.
- The `check_interval` is now individual for each NPC Hologram as well, so you have to add it to each NPC Hologram. This allows for finer control over how much server ressources are used.
```
